Document increased reload time for APUserSig (#1303)
nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress: docs-web/app-protect/configuration.md

You can define App Protect [User Defined Signatures](https://docs.nginx.com/nginx-app-protect/configuration/#user-defined-signature-definitions) for your Ingress resources by creating an `APUserSig` [Custom Resource](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/api-extension/custom-resources/).

> > **Note**: `APUserSig` resources increase the reload time of NGINX Plus compared with `APPolicy` and `APLogConf` resources. See [NGINX Fails to Start or Reload](/nginx-ingress-controller/app-protect/troubleshooting/#nginx-fails-to-start-or-reload).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**: `APUserSig` resources increase the reload time of NGINX Plus compared with `APPolicy` and `APLogConf` resources. Refer to [NGINX Fails to Start or Reload](/nginx-ingress-controller/app-protect/troubleshooting/#nginx-fails-to-start-or-reload) for more information.
```
